five years ago I thought I lost you
forever
there is no curse that could ever tell
me away from you will you marry me yes
[Music]
vicious I have a little bit of news
don't ruin my morning
there have asked me to marry him no I
wasn't really asking nor was I love
doesn't always end well beasty trust me
let us prove you wrong you have done an
admirable job going against your own
nature to raise this child but now she
will finally get the love of a real
mother tonight I consider Aurora
my
what have you done
Aurora
Maleficent is a threat to everyone
because you are best
[Applause]
one can never be too careful
this isn't you
you do not know me
tell me what happened there was another
creature
you've spent years caring for a shoe
now it's time to careful your own
[Music]